[watch ticking]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Alive?
We don't know if it's true.
not a hundred-percent.
but an Up-Topper
claiming to be Bernard's shadow
snuck down and he told me that... [sighs]
when Jules was last seen.
she was still alive.
Where?
- Outside?
- [Shirley] I don't know.
But it gives us hope.
[Pete sighs]
[Knox] Not that you ever lost it.
A lot of people come through those doors
saying my Juliette is alive.
They chant it on the stairs.
carve it into the walls...
but you're the first people
I actually believe.
[sighs] We're out of gloves.
I tell you that?
We're. uh. understaffed.
I haven't slept really. not...
Dr. Nichols. we need you
for something urgent.
[sighs]
I'm providing medical services
to every soul below the barricade
during a time of rebellion.
What could possibly be more pressing?
War.
[sighs]
[Juliette] Okay. I got it. [sighs]
Let's go.
- This is my lunch box.
- [Juliette] Jimmy.
[stammers] What?
- You okay?
- Yeah.
I just haven't been in here
in a long time.
The last time I was in here
was the last time I saw my mom.
It goes right there.
I remember.
They were standing...
there.
[no audible dialogue]
They were younger than me.
I mean. than I am now.
[sighs] I got so old.
It's been so long.
My mom. she wanted me to sit in my chair
and eat my lunch like...
like... [stammers]
it was just like a normal day.
[Eater] Were you an only child?
Huh?
[Eater] No. um... No sisters. brothers?
- No.
- [Eater] Are there more suits?
If-If you had one when you were a kid.
maybe it could fit me?
No. I never saw a suit for me
but my dad had that one
and then my mom had one made.
but I don't see it anywhere.
[Juliette] Jimmy.
We need to go.
Can I... Is it okay if I just. um.
spend a-a little time in here?
Just a little bit?
But I'm leaving soon.
I know. I know.
[sighs]
"Safeguard Procedure."
- [Eater] How far do you have to walk?
- The air will get you
- before you take your first step...
- Yeah. I just want to know.
- It's not too far. but...
- Hey! Hey!
- [pants]
- [Juliette] What?
- There's something you have to see.
- No. I have to get going.
Oh. no! That's why you have to see it.
What I have to show you. it might
be the only way to save your silo.
Come on!
Come on. come on. come on!
[grunting. panting]
Fuck.
[panting. grunting]
Hey. it's Mr. Blue ID Guy.
Can I see it?
Okay. Here.
"Lukas." Right.
- You're coming with me.
- No. I need to get up top.
Shirley told me to find someone
named Lukas and lock him up.
- Look. you have no idea...
- Probably not.
But I don't care.
[stammers] You wanna walk or be dragged?
Just... [sighs]
Dragged it is.
[grunting. groaning]
Son of a bitch.
Fuck. man. Sorry.
[groans]
[door opens]
You all right?
Yeah. we're good.
[Martha] What am I looking at?
[Knox] Something we've been hoping
to avoid for some time now.
- What do you mean we? I never saw this.
- Nobody has.
There's gunpowder rolling down
the hallway. so somebody has.
They only know what they need to.
Not all of it.
The people in this room
are the people we trust.
What's the plan?
Look. it's a risk.
[Shirley] The odds are not in our favor.
[chuckles] That's not
a good place to start.
But in our present situation.
the chances of long-term survival.
they're not much better.
Resources are running out.
It's only a matter of time
before they take back the farm.
so it's kind of now or never.
I wouldn't have said this when we started.
but now they need to know
that we are willing to risk everything.
And by everything?
The only thing we have for leverage.
In one hour. I'm gonna lead a team
that will storm the barricade.
Shirley will follow with a second wave.
But our goal isn't so much to win
at the barricade.
- Then what are we...
- Bu...
But to hold off the raiders
for at least three hours.
Why three?
'Cause that's how long it takes
to rig the generator to explode.
- You're going to blow up the generator?
- [Knox] If we don't get what we want.
If you don't get what you want.
you're gonna kill everybody?
- We're not gonna kill everybody.
- What do you want. Sheriff?
- I want to know the truth.
- They won't give it to us.
Not unless they have to.
Three hours.
That's all we need.
But the timeline stays in this room.
because if somebody from the Up Top
finds out. this will all be for nothing.
I'll go with the first wave.
Got you.
Send your raiders to storm the barricades.
arrest the rebels
and secure the generator room now.
- How many should I send?
- All of them.
Go!
[metal clanging]
[grunting]
[metal grinding in the distance]
[raider 1 whistles]
What the hell was that all about?
I don't know.
[clanging echoes]
What the fuck is that?
[raider 2] Go. go. go. go!
Fuck.
[raiders clamoring]
- Run!
- What?
Stop... [grunting]
Stop! Stop! Stop. You don't understand!
[grunting]
Come on. It's here. [grunts]
- It's in here somewhere.
- Okay.
- How to save them. It's j...
- [Eater] What?
Wait. you can't hear this. You gotta go.
- [Juliette. Eater] What?
- The Eater has to go!
- Don't call me Eater!
- You're too young to hear this.
- You don't get to call me that!
- It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay.
What do you want to be called?
My mom... My mom called me Hope.
Hope? Okay. that's great.
That's a great name. Hope.
Hey. if you go back to the vault.
we'll be right back. I promise.
Okay?
Sorry.
Jimmy.
Okay. look. It's written here:
"the Safeguard Procedure."
I heard my parents whispering about it.
It could kill people.
But that morning.
they figured out a way to stop it.
- And if you learn it. okay...
- Okay.
If you know it. then-then maybe you
can... you can keep your silo from dying.
Um... [sighs] I remember my mom
not coming back
and then... [stutters]
whatever my parents did. worked.
- What?
- My mom and dad saved people's lives.
All those people went outside.
they didn't die.
Not at first.
They didn't die. Juliette.
And you think that whatever they did
could help save my silo?
- Yes!
- Okay. okay. okay.
- It's in here somewhere. We just... [pants]
- Okay.
I... [sighs]
I don't know what I'm looking for.
I just... [sighs]
W-Wait. If we're gonna do this.
you have to remember. okay?
- You have to try.
- Okay. okay. [breathes heavily]
- [citizens clamoring. screaming]
- They're coming!
- [Knox] Go on. Get out of here.
- Fuck.
[grunts]
- [raider 3] Are they down there?
- Yeah.
You with me?
Always.
Then let's fucking go!
[rebels yelling]
- Okay.
- [raider 3] Search every room!
- Are you okay? I'm sorry.
- Yeah. Yeah.
Paul. what's going on?
[raider 3] Find him!
- They're coming. So...
- [screams]
Paul Billings. you're under arrest
for a violation of Pact Order 11-24 Delta:
Dereliction of duty with seditious intent.
Wait. wait. [stammers]
There's a child over there. [grunts]
It's not personal. Paul.
- I'm just doing my job...
- [Paul grunts]
like you taught me.
[groans] Kathleen.
Kathleen! [grunts]
[Kennedy] Ow!
It is a really inconvenient time
right now.
Maybe you should stop by
when your mom's here... [grunts]
[grunting]
[pants]
Let's go.
[Bernard] Restore radio communication
in the Silo.
Yes. sir.
- [sighs]
- You all right. sir?
Yes. I am.
Any luck finding Lukas Kyle? [sighs]
Not yet.
Did we choose the wrong side?
By delivering Billings's message?
Maybe.
If Bernard finds out.
sending us out to clean
with our son watching
will be the most generous punishment
he'll offer.
Maybe the message will still pay off.
Either way. it's time.
You find a way into the vault
and I'll get our boy.
I remember the vault. I remember
my mom and dad had S-Solo take me there.
- He's the one who put me in there.
- Right.
Then. a couple of days later.
I remember explosions.
and I remember gunshots
and then I remember the sheriff
bringing my-my dad back.
but my mom wasn't there.
But then. my dad...
my dad told him that it was safe
to go outside.
He told them that-that they had
done something to make it safe.
But the sheriff. he... [stutters]
Sorry. he wanted the truth.
And so my... [sighs]
my dad told him the tru...
[gasps]
It's a pipe.
The Safeguard is a pipe.
What?
- We have to find it.
- Okay.
[Judicial rep] You're here for your safety
and the safety of the Silo.
Your peace will be met with kindness.
- Your violence will be met with...
- Shut the fuck up!
- Hey!
- [citizens clamoring]
- [grunts]
- Hey! Lay off!
You okay?
[Shirley] Teddy.
- [Knox] Are you okay?
- Of course he is. Look at him.
He's a tough kid.
You did your mama proud.
We were worried about you.
You kicked Randy in the nuts?
Yeah. well. I needed to get up top.
- [sniffs]
- Why?
[sighs. sniffs]
You're not gonna tell me
what you found down there?
Don't worry. because
it doesn't matter now.
- Tell me...
- It doesn't matter.
It just...
[pants] Hi. honey.
What are they gonna do with us?
- Let's just stay calm. keep Claire safe.
- Come with us. Billings.
- [citizen] Hey. hey!
- It's gonna be okay!
[yelling]
[Kennedy] This display. it's all a lie!
This is all bullshit.
You know that. right?
Right?
This display!
It's all lies!
I saw it!
So did some of you.
Nichols showed me.
She was trying to show everyone the truth!
[Sandy] Wait.
I-I saw it.
A flash of blue and green.
When they shut down the power
to fix the generator. I saw it.
It's safe outside.
Juliette Nichols is alive!
[citizens muttering]
Juliette lives!
Mayor Holland specifically
said they should be in separate cells.
No. Mayor Holland says. "Thank you.
The Silo is grateful
for your co-operation."
You. Walk?
It was the only way.
[Amundsen] You both are free to go.
Get the fuck away from me.
I'm not going anywhere.
Well. I-I have to see him.
For you. I'm sure he'll make time.
I hope he sends you out to clean.
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
[rebel] Everybody in this motherfucker
knows Juliette is alive.
It's safe outside and you know it.
- I saw.
- Out of the way.
[raider 3] Hey. hey. hey. hold it.
If I don't get your colleague to
a functioning medical level soon.
he's gonna die on the stairs.
Look. doc. I have orders.
It's okay. Dan. I got it.
Jean. they gave me strict orders
not to let anyone out of here
- until they give the word and they...
- [raider 4] We found gunpowder.
- A lot of it.
- Fuck. Just go. go!
Come on.
[Dan] What level? Where?
In Mechanical. It's everywhere.
[Dan] Received.
[Jimmy stammers]
They had a... They had to block it.
They had to put a cap on it.
But they were afraid... [stammers]
- that something would go wrong.
- Why? Why did they have to cap it?
Because it had poison in it.
Enough poison to kill everybody.
All 10.000 people.
We have to find a map of the silo.
Okay. The pipe came from outside.
- Here.
- Wait.
[whimpers] Here.
- [Juliette] There.
- There.
- [Juliette] Here!
- Level 14.
Hey. that's where my mom worked.
- Do you think we should go?
- [breathes shakily] Fuck yes.
[raider 5] All clear. All clear.
[generator rumbling]
- [birds chirping]
- [both chuckling]
- [chuckles]
- Do it again.
- Okay. Watch.
- [baby coos]
[Audrey chuckles]
[Benny] Do it again.
[chirping continues]
[sniffs]
[Audrey chuckles]
Benny. come here. You gotta try this.
- [chuckles] Mmm.
- [Rick chuckles]
[sniffs. chuckles]
[chuckles]
[Bernard] After you.
I understand that your ex-wife didn't
want to have anything to do with you.
Hmm.
[clicks tongue. sucks teeth]
Well. at least you're free.
unlike the rest of them.
Uh. drink?
No. thanks.
We have a couple more minutes here
before we get confirmation
that the generator is safe.
Have a seat.
[people clamoring in distance]
We need to stop.
You guys head up.
Let me know if anyone's coming down.
Come on.
[ticking]
Relax.
They'll come and tell me when it's done.
So... [sighs] ...what did you want
to see me about?
I wanted to tell you a story
about the generator.
[chuckles] Does every conversation
about Mechanical
begin and end with the generator?
That's not where this story ends.
[chattering on radio]
Go see if those rebels
in the cafeteria have settled down.
And see if there's any food.
You sure you're okay here?
These assholes aren't going anywhere.
- We're clear above. Are you ready?
- [grunts]
Fuck yes.
[breathes deeply] I'm dying in that thing.
I'll make sure no one's coming from below.
What is it?
What's happened?
[breathes shakily] It's gone.
[breathes shakily] The timer.
How?
[breathes heavily] I don't know.
but it's gone.
[generator rumbling]
Hey!
Yeah?
Radio and tell them it's all right.
They didn't connect the bomb.
Thank the Founders.
Listen. we gotta be careful.
No gunfire. No sparks. All right?
Okay!
It's Dan.
Radio Bernard. The bomb is not connected.
[Martha] See. the generator is loud.
So in order to communicate.
you have to yell.
Over the years. crews have
developed a system of hand signals.
mostly done with one hand.
And they got pretty elaborate.
You can have a whole conversation.
[stammers] And I taught that to the kids.
So. in my workshop. when you thought
that everything you saw on that camera
was all that was being communicated...
Stop.
we were actually having
a whole different conversation.
We are being watched.
Okay...
We got your message.
- [chuckles]
- [Molly sighs]
[Hank breathes shakily]
[breathes shakily]
What are you doing?
If she's alive. you give her this.
[breathes heavily]
Tell her I love her.
[inhales sharply] Tell her
to never stop fighting.
Never stop being herself.
Because her whole life...
[clicks tongue] ...her whole life...
she's been perfect...
just the way she is.
Doc. let me do it.
Absolutely not.
Go.
- I can't.
- Hey...
go.
[inhales shakily]
My mistake was in putting
my own personal desires
above those of Mechanical. my family.
But that's a mistake
that I hope to rectify...
[ticking]
in five. four. three.
two. one.
[door opens]
The bomb's been neutralized.
We got in before they can connect it.
[Bernard] Fuck. [chuckles]
Wow. that was dramatic.
[chuckling] What was that?
[stammers] At the end
of the little countdown...
[mutters] ...were we
supposed to lose power?
[chuckles]
[stammers] What was supposed to happen?
[breathing heavily]
[exhales deeply]
[distorted clamoring in distance]
[distorted panting]
[explosions in distance]
What was that?
Uh. something outside.
It felt like it came from...
Yeah.
[stammers]
- You're out of time.
- What?
You need to get home now.
[Juliette] Oh. shit.
What did you do?
Not just me.
All of us.
[sighs]
Put 'em down. Now!
[Paul] Let's go!
[Knox] Follow me!
What do you mean gone?
[Judicial tech] The stairs.
between 92 and 90.
They... They're just gone.
[citizens clamoring]
How many raiders are trapped
below the explosion point?
You told me to send them all.
[citizens clamoring]
[citizen 1] Come on!
[clamoring continues]
[citizen 2] Give us the truth!
[Paul] Kat!
Kat!
- Kat. are you okay?
- Yeah. we're okay.
Good. Okay. Let's keep moving.
- Tell us the truth!
- We know it's a lie.
Give us the truth.
Get whoever you can to protect IT.
Everyone above the explosion
is either defending their position
or abandoning post.
Maybe I can gather some raiders.
Maybe Sims?
Go. Go!
Go!
- Bernard.
- [Bernard] Where have you been?
- Just shut up and listen.
- What?
There's no time. okay?
I need you to look like
we are having a serious conversation.
But just listen. Don't say a word.
Because if it hears this. we're dead.
I solved the code.
It's true.
It's why Meadows quit as your shadow.
It's why I quit.
[Amundsen] Boss?
Bernard. Hey. Bernard!
What did Lukas Kyle say to you?
Hello. Rob.
What did he say?
Hey.
You still wanna be my shadow?
What?
You got it.
You're now my shadow.
The code is 552039.
Good luck. Robert.
[inhales sharply] You were very loyal...
until you weren't.
- [Juliette] Hey. can you get the tape?
- [Hope] Yeah.
It's in the desk drawer.
I'm gonna need help
to seal the suit once it's on.
So... [stammers]
No. no. no.
[breathes heavily]
Fuck!
- Fuck!
- Maybe we could fix it. What if we...
How are you gonna fix it? You're probably
the reason that it's ruined anyway.
- How could I be the reason? I wasn't...
- Because you're the Eater.
Just shut up! Stop!
She's the reason our parents are dead.
- No. she's not! No. she's not!
- [Audrey] Yes. she is.
She didn't ask for this. None of us did.
You wanna be angry?
Be angry at the motherfuckers
who built this place and put us in it!
Not us.
Not her.
[sighs]
All we're trying to do is survive.
But the only way we can do that
is by trusting the other people
stuck in the same shit as we are.
But you're not stuck with us though.
You're leaving.
[Juliette] You're damn right I'm leaving.
I'm going home.
'Cause somewhere not too far from here.
the people I love. they might be
killing each other right now.
And those are the people
that I'm stuck with.
My friends. My family. My dad.
Look at what you have.
You've got Rick.
And Benny.
- And Tess.
- [sighs]
And you have Hope.
Not Eater or whatever asshole name
you wanna give her.
You wanna be angry? Then be angry
but be angry with each other.
not at each other.
This is it.
You're all that's left.
So just make it work.
But you have to make it work
right fucking now.
[sighs. breathes heavily]
Right. I have another suit.
I don't even know if it's gonna work.
but I'm gonna have to try. Jimmy. w...
Where's Jimmy?
No.
No. [breathes heavily]
It's gone.
- [stammers] When you got mad. Jimmy...
- He left.
He...
[exhales sharply]
[door opens]
- You're back.
- I am.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I... I'm fine.
What's going on out there?
- I heard shouting. The room shook.
- [sighs]
It's just a lot of nonsense. okay?
Lukas. what's wrong? What happened?
Everything is okay. Mom. It's...
It's fine.
Did you do what you needed to?
Turns out it didn't need doing. [scoffs]
No.
Let's get you fixed up.
[chattering]
Walk?
- Where's Bernard?
- He left after the explosion.
Almost everyone did.
IT is ours.
I knew it.
The hell you did.
Deep down. I knew.
- What's going on?
- Let's go out!
They're gonna try to go out.
[Knox] Get out of the way!
Move! Move! Shit!
[Juliette] Jimmy!
Fuck.
[sighs]
[Juliette] Wait.
- [breathes heavily] Okay.
- Hey. Okay?
- What are you doing? What do you...
- [breathes heavily]
The helmet seal is airtight
and I used the good tape around my wrists.
[pants]
I figured if the water didn't come in
and I didn't drown. that it would be okay.
And it worked.
So you can use this one to get back.
[sighs. inhales sharply]
- No.
- Okay. Okay.
Hey. just... Thank you.
Thank you.
- [breathes heavily] We better get going.
- Yeah.
Okay.
[citizens murmuring. chattering]
[Lukas] My earliest memory.
I'm under two.
I'm lying in bed next to you
and playing with your hands.
They were so big.
What made you think of that?
I don't know.
[door opens]
Sorry to barge in like this. Mrs. Kyle.
but I need to ask your son something.
What the fuck did you say to Bernard?
[citizen 1] Mr. Holland. What's happening?
What do we do?
- We deserve to know. Please.
- [citizen 2] Tell us the truth.
You gotta tell us the truth. Mr...
[citizens scream]
Get the fuck out.
Out!
Not you.
[Jimmy] Okay. Juliette.
let's get you suited up.
- Yeah.
- [Hope chuckles]
This work?
Yeah. it's great.
Thanks.
Okay.
Yeah.
- [Tess coos]
- [Rick shushes] It's okay. It's okay.
[Hope] Hold on.
Coming back. right?
No. I...
To be honest. I don't know
what's gonna happen when I walk outside
so I'm not gonna lie to you.
Okay? [breathes shakily]
[sighs]
Look. what happened to the parents
is not your fault. You know that. right?
You're strong and you're smart.
and you're capable.
Yeah?
You're gonna be okay.
You all will.
You should go. You shouldn't be here
when we open the door.
Okay. [breathes deeply]
You're his shadow now?
I am.
He gave you the key?
He did.
Is there any way
you could put that gun away?
- There is not.
- It's okay.
See. the thing about that key.
Bernard made the mistake
of assuming that everything is okay
because it's not lighting up.
but he was wrong.
It's not lighting up because it's over.
What's over?
The rebellion?
No.
Then what?
What did you say?
I can't tell you.
I won't tell you.
Yes. you can kill me and my mother.
Doesn't matter.
[inhales sharply] You should go.
Go to the vault.
See the Legacy while there is still time.
You'll know it when you see it.
The code is 55...
I know what the fucking code is.
[Jimmy clears throat]
Okay. [breathes heavily]
Okay.
- Okay. Um...
- Hey.
I know why you said what you said but...
you're go... you're gonna come back. right?
Oh. um...
[sighs]
Nothing's gonna stop me from trying.
[both breathing heavily]
[both breathe heavily]
[citizens clamoring]
[Kennedy] Don't let them through!
Don't let them through!
[Knox] Come on!
Teddy! Get me that! Get me that!
- [shouting]
- [grunting] Go! Go!
[pounding on door]
Easy. Easy. [mutters]
Hey. move. It's okay.
[exhales sharply. grunts]
Bernard. Bernard.
We need you now.
I don't know what's going through
your head. but we need you to come out.
We need you to tell the people the truth.
[Kennedy] Billings!
- Get out of the way!
- Tell them the truth.
Bernard. that's all they need.
[breathes heavily]
- You need to get out of the way.
- Please. One minute.
Let's talk to him. Let's hear him out.
Bernard. please.
- Bernard.
- Take him.
Open the... Stop. man! Wait! Hear him out.
Let's hear what he has to say. man.
Kennedy. listen!
Let's hear what he has to say. Please!
Don't go outside. Come on!
[Kennedy] Bring me the ram!
- [clamoring]
- [Kennedy] Let's go! Bring it through!
We're going all the way out.
All the way out.
- Get out of the way!
- [Shirley] Wait!
[Knox] Is that...
[exhales shakily]
It's gotta be.
It's her.
[cheering]
[chuckles] She lives.
[cheers]
[citizens chanting] Juliette lives!
[cheering]
[grunting. groaning]
[breathing sharply]
[groaning]
Fuck!
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
[door opening]
[beeping]
[The Algorithm] Please state your name.
My name is Robert Sims.
Husband to Camille.
Father of Anthony.
Why are you here?
I want to save the Silo.
So do I.
Judge Sims.
you and your son must leave the vault.
Camille can stay.
Hey!
You're gonna shoot me?
[Bernard] Why are you here?
I'm here to keep everyone from going out.
That's... You're the reason
everyone wants to go out.
If you wanted to shoot me. I'd be dead.
- Why are you here. Bernard?
- I just want to go outside.
Feel free for one fucking moment
of my life.
So why the gun?
For the end.
If the pain is too much.
There's no point.
what you're trying to do. save them.
It's out of your hands.
It was never in your hands.
In my hands. Anyone's hands.
Because of the poison they can pump in?
- You know about that?
- Oh. I know about that.
But I don't know who'd do it
and I don't know why.
I know the who. but I don't know why.
and I don't fucking care.
After all I've done. sacrificed
to find out it never really mattered.
[chuckles] They call it
- "the Safeguard Procedure."
- Procedure. I know.
An innocuous little term
that means they can kill us
at any time they want.
No. maybe not.
What do you mean?
Look...
I think I figured something out.
[door closing]
- No. No. no. no. No.
- You can't go in there.
- [Bernard] You'll burn to death.
- [groaning]
[Bernard] No! No. no!
Get down!
[breathes shakily]
[grunts]
[rain pattering]
[sighs]
They still got you doing this outside?
[breathes heavily]
You ever get a red?
- [security guard] Not really.
- [beeps]
[sighs]
[people chattering]
- [congressman] Hey.
- Hey.
Helen?
Are we gonna do the thing where we pretend
that we don't know
what each other looks like?
- [chuckles]
- Uh... [chuckles] I guess not.
Um... [chuckles]
So. okay. uh. let's get it out of the way.
Where were you when it happened?
- Um. I was in session...
- Session that day. right?
I was. indeed. yes.
Serving the good people of Georgia's 15th.
And you. where were you?
I've... At work. at. um...
Am I supposed to finish that sentence?
I'm not sure.
I. uh... Is that bad?
It's. uh. one... It's a reporting place.
It's a... Magazi...
The. uh... it's The Post.
Oh. God. it's The Post.
[chuckles] Are you still at The Post?
- I...
- Did you really not google me?
Is that so bad? [stammers]
Wow. okay.
Uh. well. I know that
you are a freshman congressman.
Okay. Well. my age
and flag pin give that away.
Representing. like you said.
the 15th district of Georgia.
Fighting 15th.
And because you can't run anyone
these days unless they served.
after you got a master's in engineering
at the University of Georgia.
you joined the army.
Well. kind of.
Kind of?
Mmm. Army Corps of Engineers
isn't exactly humping an M-16
through the sandbox.
Thank you.
I better change the subject
before I start bragging
about what we did in New Orleans.
Oh. look at you working that
into conversation so smoothly.
Did you. uh. know anyone who was affected?
[chuckles]
- By the dirty bomb?
- Yeah.
No. You?
No. Um. my uncle Tyler's been ranting
about Iran for years.
so he took it personally.
But. uh... uh.
my sister's the only one who
lives in D.C. She was away at the time.
Actually. the. um...
[clicks tongue] ...the dirty bomb
is what I wanted to talk to you about.
Starting to feel like I'm the only one
who thought this was a date.
A date?
- I know no one uses that term anymore.
- [chuckles]
If they're 95.
[sighs] Probably
wouldn't have worked out anyway.
Me being a Bulldog. You a Duck.
Did I get that right.
- the University of Oregon?
- I thought you didn't look me up.
Let the record show
I actually dodged the question.
[sucks teeth]
How about I just cut to it?
I'm here because I think
that the people you work for.
and by that I mean the citizens
of this country.
not the shadowy creeps
who pay for campaigns.
I think the people need to know
if there are plans
to strike back against Iran.
whether or not there really was
a radiological weapon attack
on the United States.
How about you?
What do you think?
I think I better go.
Here.
[chuckles] This a gift or...
- It's how I was brought up. [sighs]
- Something from your home state?
[sucks teeth] It's not a peach.
Nah. it's just something I. uh.
panic bought at the. uh. convenience store
around the corner from my apartment.
Um...
you take care.
[sighs] Can I get the check?
Thank you.
[wrapper crinkling]
[chuckles]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org